We have to do a few things here.
One is we want that needle to give
some visual indication of whether or
not we are actually advancing
the way that we want to or not.
And we'll also check the needle to
see if it's kind of going off or
if it's rotating the right way.
We're gonna use a watcher for this.
We're also gonna use a library called
GSAP, which I use quite frequently, and
you could do this with transforms,
with CSS transforms.
But what I found is transformation origin,
which we'll use in this,
is not really super consistent across
browsers, and GreenSock stabilizes that.
Because we're using a transform, I'm gonna
actually load GSAP to make sure that we
have a consistent way of transforming that
across every browser and every device.
I might also, if you wanted to
take it a step further, you could
feasibly fork this and then add animations
in places and things like that too.
So that's pretty fun.
So okay, we're gonna go back
to our terminal in this tab,
I'm going to say, yarn add gsap.
Cool, now let's go back over and
we're gonna go to our
VS code tab and
we're gonna go over to this score.
In this score, I mentioned we have
the rainbow and the bad and the good and
the needle.
The first thing we need
to do is import gsap.
And I actually use it so
much that I just have a snippet for it.
And then I'm also going
to say vmapstate and I'm
gonna grab the score, because we're gonna
make sure that we're watching the score.
And one thing about the watch,
you don't have to just watch a data
property that's in the component.
You can watch things that
are computed values from stores.
You can watch any kind of dependency here,
anything that's brought
into that component.
And since we're bringing in score,
we can watch score.
So we're gonna say watch.
Whoops, helps us to spell it right.
And then we've got the score.
And here we're going to, so
we're gonna update the score
based on any time it changes.
And we wanna pass in newValue, we're gonna
pass in newValue and oldValue just so
that you can see that you can
have both of those, but really,
all we need is newValue.
So that's kind of unnecessary.
So we were gonna say gsap.to, and
it allows me to grab
something out of the DOM.
So I'm gonna say we're
gonna go grab needle.
And I'm gonna pass in an object, and
in that object, I can set a duration.
And the nice thing about GSAP's API
is it's really consistent.
Once you learn the surface layer
of the API, it's very repetitive.
At first, I'm gonna just say 0.3,
because typically,
if we're not moving something
that much in the DOM,
anywhere from 0.2 seconds to 0.3 seconds
tends to be a very good default.
When you start to move it across
the screen or do some other kind of
interaction, that's when we're gonna
start to work with bigger durations.
But you can kind of
guesstimate that the duration
of 0.3 is gonna be in the right range and
then adjust from there.
So duration is gonna be 0.3.
I'm gonna say that
the rotation is newValue.
Because really,
what we're starting off with is zero.
Any time we do a transform,
we're starting at zero and then we move
it up and down and left and right.
And I don't have to pass
in pixels to GreenSock.
It will know to append that.
So I can just pass in newValue.
And then I'm also going
to say transformOrigin,
which I mentioned is the thing that we,
that helps again to spell it right,
the thing that we really want here.
And then the way that transform
origin works is it doesn't,
you'd think that every default
is like the center of something.
So if you rotate it,
it's rotates from the center, but
the default is actually 0%,
0%, the top left.
What we wanna do, and you can think of
everything in the browser as a box,
what we wanna do is go into the middle,
into the bottom right,
because that needle has to rotate
on the axis of the bottom.
So it's gotta go 50%, 100%.
So I'm gonna say 50%, 100% for now,
and we'll kinda see how that goes
because maybe that's not exactly
the right value, but let's try it out.
So now if we refresh, we go back to,
let's pick artist and
then do baker because then we can
kind of see if it's working or not.
It's rotating incorrectly.
So let's go back to the here.
We've got,
we wanna say transformOrigin and
spell it correctly,
cuz now it's rotating from the top left,
right, because I didn't set anything
because I spelled it wrong.
It's using the top left.
So let's go back here.
We refresh, we're gonna pick artist,
and then I'm gonna select baker.
And now you can see that needle turning.
But if I keep going, first of all, what we
might notice is we're almost at the end of
the question index and we haven't
gotten all the way to poor, right?
We keep going all the way over, but it
hasn't reached all the way down to poor.
So that's one adjustment we need to make.
We also need to make it,
it's not quite at 100, I think.
It's gonna go a little bit above.
So let's go back to two places.
One is the store, we're gonna increase
this rotation by a little bit,
13 instead of, 15 might be too much,
let's try it with 13.
And then one other thing,
if we go into score,
I'm gonna make this 80 instead of 100.
Let's see where that is.
So we've got the baker.
Now we're gonna pick the wrong one,
pick the wrong one.
It's better, but
it's not quite, we could probably
adjust it down a little bit from here.
But you can see the amount
that we're changing it,
by that 13, it's generally
where we want it to be, right?
We got to that poor state from there.
So let's do 87 or something.
Try one more time.
We've got baker, and
then we select artist, artist.
That looks pretty stable now, right?
Pretty good.